Video ID: uctaJFXgNLo
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uctaJFXgNLo
============================================================

I made a bunch of decisions last year that if I were trying to sell the company are not the right decision at all. You already knew the name kit. You already had the domain. So what did you pay 360K for? That 3-month period after rebranding, we launched newsletters for Lil John, Ellen, Morgan Freeman, Tom Brady, Matthew McConna. It's just it kept going. And so I think about what are the decisions that are going to keep you in love with this business, with this brand to be able to do it for a very long time. This resonates like crazy with me. The rebrand from Convert Kid to Kit, it kind of reinvigorated you. You're so excited. You're so passionate about it. It's almost like starting a whole new company with like bright future. HREV's podcast. My guest today is Nathan Barry, founder and CEO of Kit, formerly known as ConvertKit, uh which is email marketing software. Uh well, at least it used to be email marketing software. Now it is much broader. Uh doing around over, I would say 40 million in annual recurring revenue. Is that right? Uh Nathan, thanks for coming to the podcast. Thanks for having me on. So yeah, I want to talk about a bunch of things, mainly marketing of course. Um, but I want to start with branding because uh you famously rebranded uh from convert kit into kit. You recorded the whole documentary series about it. You were quite transparent. But I think there's quite a few quite a few things that I want to dive in there. Uh, and yeah, the first the first question that I wanted to start from is uh you openly shared that you spent $360,000 with an agency to do a rebrand, but what I realized while watching your documentary series is that you already knew the name kit. You already had the domain. You already had the vision for the positioning of the company. So, what did you pay 360K for? like what was the rebrand that the agency did for you? Yeah, I think a lot of times when you work on brand over time at a company, you usually do that with an in-house team, right? Because you're iterating on it and you're gradually figuring this out. We were redoing everything all at once. And so we needed I guess we could have done it in-house, but we needed a partner to really lead that process, someone who does it a lot to say, "Hey, in this condensed amount of time, we need to figure out every aspect of this brand. So, we need to figure out the characteristics of how we're going to show up. Are we like a a fun, zany, playful brand or are we like a very serious uh academic brand? We need to figure out the messaging and positioning. And then all of the visual language. So, everything from fonts and colors and logo all the way through to the icons that we use and how we, you know, how we visually tell stories. And then we got to bring that all the way through into the product, right? Because we are a software product. When you go from the marketing website, it has to match the product itself. So yeah, working with COD was a fantastic experience because they we're able to like embed deeply with them like our designers and marketers just worked so so closely with them and we're able to get the step function of basically going from convert kit to kit in a very short amount of time and they set us up really well. So it was something that our team could run with from there. Mhm. So like I mentioned to you previously, to me a lot of this feels like uh reworking your visual identity because like I said uh you had the vision for actual company, how it changes, how how you your your product is changing, how your company is changing. uh but you wanted to to reflect that visually plus a bit of that in copyrightiting and with visual with kind of brand guidel guidelines uh with colors that you want to use with the style of illustrations that you want to use I can see how you uh can maintain that uh across different mediums whenever you like sponsoring a conference or whenever you uh do banners you can maintain the same visual style so people easily recognize that uh it's kit with messaging and copyrightiting. I like I saw in your documentary that they did uh also guidelines for you for that. But how kind of uh meticulously does your team now follow all those kinds of messaging and positional guide? Do you really check every article or every banner message or every landing page against what they advised you? Yeah. So we I mean we created all those guidelines with them, right? And so we went through their frameworks and process in order to do that and so it's very very collaborative and then yeah we absolutely when we're writing something we make sure that it's in that tone of voice uh that it aligns with the brand. You know, uh, we were talking at dinner last night and our mutual friend Greg Eisenberg was talking about why he uses Kit and he said Kit is for creators who are serious about email. And that is a very like casual turn of phrase, but it it describes what we do. And Cotto helped us come up with a slightly different version of that. And so we say that kit is for creators who mean business, which just has that little bit of a copyrightiting angle on it where if someone means business, it's another way of saying they're serious, but it also brings in sometimes when people talk about creators, they're like, "Oh, you're just uh you know, you're just making content and all that for fun." And most creators that you and I know are like, "No, we're running businesses." And so to be able to get both play on the words there of like this is for business and then you know for creators who mean business. So there there's these little things that take really a lot of time and effort to get to from a copyrightiting and positioning uh perspective but it's it's something that has paid off really really well. So what's your uh perspective? Do you think the kind of the adherence and following those guidelines will kind of fade over time and people will just stop caring like people in your marketing team or do you think they will just get used to a certain kind of tone and style and it would be maintained throughout? Yeah, I think it'll be it'll be maintained. The other thing that's amazing is doing all of this at once means we have fantastic documentation, right? And so as we bring on a new product marketer, they can say, "Okay, how do I represent this brand?" And we have all of this. Like this is exactly how you do it. And then these latest employees that we've hired are AI, right? And so if you're asking AI by default to say, you know, hey, write this in my tone of voice. It's like, okay, what's your tone of voice? Yeah. Or it'll write something and it'll use all of these $5 words and all this. It'll try to sound too smart and everything else. But if you just spent, you know, a month or more on like all of your messaging and positioning and getting it dialed in and you have that in a Google doc, we'll build a claude project around that and it will do a very good job of following your brand guidelines and writing in the voice of the brand. And so I think that doing a project like we did is is necessary when you're trying to build a brand of our scale, but it's even more valuable now in the world of AI because you can perfectly very very easily perfectly train uh on that. And if you're switching, you know, first I did it in chat GPT, but then I liked Claude better as a writer. And so instead of like retraining something, I just go and grab the same documents on our brand guidelines, upload it, and we're good to go. Wow. AI use case is so good. Uh I can't believe I didn't talk about it because Yeah, it does make so much sense. You you have a document with a lot of examples where you're explaining what needs to be done and you can just easily cross. Yeah, because uh when I when I asked you about the adherence to the guidelines fading, I thought that people would need to kind of manually kind of go through this document and remind themselves what it is. But you don't have to do this because the document can already be in your kind of AI helper. You just write a draft and you say, can you like polish it according to our style? It does it. You like edit it and it's good to go. Well, and I think that all of these things, all this information being packaged and portable is even more important in the world of AI because one example was uh as a brand, we tell a lot of stories. We want to make creators, our customers, the heroes of our brand, right? We want to be the guide, helping them achieve their business, but we're really showcasing them. And so through that process, we've we've done over a hundred interviews and told stories of these creators. And that can be this whole thing to try to unlock and unpack and find stories. So, if I'm writing an essay or working on a book, well, I'm like I'm always looking for, okay, who's an example of a creator who worked consistently for two years and only after that amount of time did they like achieve a breakout success? And I used to ask Issa, our storyteller, for those questions. She'd be like, "Oh, you know, here's a here's three examples." But what she did is we worked together and we used Google Notebook LM to ingest all of our stories. It's like uh I think almost 200,000 words of content. Wow. And then I gave it all of our brand voice and messaging and all of that. So I'm able to pull these documents together and put it in one place. And now I just ask it and it I ask Notebook LM like what's the you know who are creators that meet this? And it'll give me five examples from our material and it'll site the sources. But then because it has the brand guidelines, I can say, "Okay, now rewrite this succinctly for this use case." And so I think that every brand, whether you just did a giant rebrand or not, it's really worth getting these portable documents for all your messaging guidelines, how to show up as your brand, all of these, you know, like write like this, not like that. That's so so important because then not only can you train your team, but you can train your AIS on it. Uh let's switch gears a little bit. I like the story how serendipitously you got the uh kid.com domain. Yeah. Can you tell the story real quick? Yeah. So when you're rebranding, a lot of times when a company rebrands, they have tons of options to go to, right? They're searching. They know their old brand doesn't fit where they're going. It's time for a new brand. But that you're really looking for this intersection of something that fits where we're going long term is interesting and engaging. You can get the dot, right? You're not going to rebrand a $45 million a year company and go to the io or AI or whatever, right? You need the com. And so, but usually you have lots of options. But in our case, we had rebranded once before and it had not worked. And so we knew that if we were going to rebrand again, it had to be something that was an easy switch from ConvertKit. It had to be very natural. And so that really only left us with kit. And so it's kit.com. Here you have a threeletter English.com that you know that cannot be misspelled, right? There's some of these words where you're like, "Hold on, which synonym or homin did you mean or any any of that?" Yeah. How do you spell a h? Right. Uh, but Kit, everyone's like, "Okay, a weird thing though, people don't believe me that that's our domain." So, if I say my email address over the phone like, "Oh, nathankit.com." They think they misheard because they're not like they're not immediately thinking like, "Oh, you have a threeletter.com, right? It sounds almost too good to be true." Uh, I didn't expect that one. But in this case, we're trying to buy there something that there's exactly one of. We're trying to buy kit.com. And over the years, it just wasn't available. And it had been passed from company to company and um through acquisitions and a few of those things. And it actually just came up for sale. Like uh Brendan, who's our director of engineering, had been keeping an eye on it. And one day on an exec call, he's like, "Hey guys, uh kit.com is now a domain sales page." And not even you, your director of engineering. Yeah. cuz he he had been like he'd been on this thinking, okay, we've got to at some point if this ever becomes available, uh, you know, we got to go for it. And and so we reached out to them, negotiated a price, and it was pretty straightforward. I think that it was November of 2023 when we started the conversation with them and we had a deal ready uh probably three or four weeks later and then you know where it's all negotiated and then there were just some terms like they still needed some carveouts of like they had shipped some physical products that had a subdomain in in it like the activation link and so it was basically like hey for a year will you guys keep these DNS records active for us uh and that kind of thing. So the domain itself was actually uh pretty straightforward. What got more complicated was getting all of the other assets, social media handles, uh trademarks, all of those other things because kit.com was the most important thing. But even as we pursued other names, we usually find like, okay, if we get the.com, we can't actually buy the trademark. like someone else owns a trademark in the SAS space with that same uh that same term and you know all of this other stuff and and so it got really hard but wildly we were able to get the Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook, YouTube and X handles for all three letters kit. All three letters just kit. Wow. And then we were able to also buy kit.co co and a kit trademark so that we could operate, you know, as marketing software under under kit. And so to be able to pull that off was wild. I did not expect that that it would work out that way. It's crazy. It's crazy. We fought to get hrefs on Instagram because someone snatched it. Uh and yeah, thanks to being an advertiser, it helped us to kind of reach out to our account manager or whatnot. Uh, and we said like if we had our brand name, we would invest more money. And they were like, well, yeah, makes sense. So, right, let us give it. You said you cannot disclose how much did it cost you, but you said it was a good deal. Yeah. So, the way that I describe it, well, first, when doing the deal, we're public about everything. You know, if you want to see our revenue numbers in real time, you go to kit.com/metrics and you can see, you know, our ARR exactly today as it is and our churn and everything else. And I always thought, "Oh yeah, we'll tell the whole story of exactly how much the domain cost and and the whole rebrand and everything and I was going through the contract to purchase the domain and it had a non-disclosure agreement in it." And I actually took it out, you know, I like redlinined the contract, took that out and they put it back in. And then I was like, "Okay." I thought it was kind of a boilerplate thing. And so what I did is I said, "All right, we won't disclose the purchase price for a year." And then the broker called me and was like, "Hey, if you want this deal to happen, stop messing with the NDA." Like they will not budge on it. So you can never disclose. So I can never disclose the price. Uh the one thing that I can say is if you don't know the world of domains, you would be like probably shocked and horrified at how much money we paid. On the inverse, if you know the world of domains, you would be shocked at how little we paid. So, it's a a long way of saying it was a it was a good deal. You know what kind of metaphor I have in mind uh with domains and businesses? Uh it's like engagement rings and wives. So, the the the narrative goes is that with the price of engagement ring, you're kind of showing how serious you are to this kind of relationship, to this marriage, to this woman and all that. And I remember I think maybe it was Noah Kagan, he was buying sumo.com or something. Paid 1.5 million. Yeah. And he literally said, "This shows how dedicated we are to this business, how kind of bullish we are on it. We believe in it. We're going to work on it. This shows our commitment." And I think it it kind of holds true for businesses as well. If you're willing to invest so much money into like a threeletter domain, then it means that you really believe in in your company and vision behind it and where it is going. Does it make sense? Yeah. Oh, absolutely. I think that in a world where people are trying to build companies and they're looking for a quick exit or they're saying, "Hey, raise all this capital and three more years and we're going to sell the company or whatever." It's the exception when people are making these really long-term plans. And actually, I made a bunch of decisions last year that if I were trying to sell the company are not the right decision at all. But there were these long-term dreams that I wanted to come true. And there's four of them. The first one was re renaming the company. And I always thought that ConvertKit as a name uh was limiting like it it sounded just like marketing software but I wanted to do much bigger things. I wanted to build you know a brand all around helping creators earn a living and you know helping them build really valuable businesses. And so I felt like we needed a like an aspirational brand around that. So renaming was the first one. We pulled that off. Um the second one is I always wanted to make a really generous free plan. I I admire companies like Notion and Figma where they're very heavy on product growth and you know Figma especially they've changed this a little bit but you know what they do is they have these you you basically get to use professional level marketing tools for free and so if you imagine the 14-year-old designer growing up in the US or anywhere in the world like you know how crazy that is that you can get on like it could be a Chromebook and you get on the internet and you get to just use Figma. Like that's the tool that the absolute best use. Uh and so I love that idea of just being widely accessible to everyone. And so when we rebranded it was at a time when you know inflation was rampant and so basically every company was raising prices and customers were annoyed but they understood right because just everywhere you looked things were getting way more expensive. And we assumed that actually we did some like customer interviews where we talked to our customers about the name change, their reactions, all of that, you know, just as we learned. And they're like, "Oh, you're probably this means you got to raise prices, right? That domain was expensive." And so we said, "Okay, not only are we not going to raise prices, but we're going to take this opportunity to make our free plan insanely generous." And so we went from a,000 subscribers for free to 10,000. And then we added automations into our free plan. And then we added our creator network feature where you can connect with and recommend other creators into our free plan as well. And so that was one where from a MR perspective, it's not the right not the right move. Uh at least in the short term, but in the long term, I'm like, okay, how do we make it so our product is ubiquitous and everyone signs up for it? And you get to, you know, when you get to use the kit.com domain. So like I have nathan.kit.com kit.com and and uh all of that to run your newsletter. And then the last one that I thought like, oh man, I don't know if I'll ever be able to pull this off. Is I wanted to build in-person creator spaces. And I had actually pitched the team on it in 2018 at a team retreat where I said, "Hey, we're going to build these spaces where it's going to be like uh co-working coffee shop, kind of like an Apple Genius Bar type setup." and then recording studios for creators to use. Uh it ended up that the recording studio is the part that's actually the most useful and like most unique, right? Co-working and coffee shops, there's tons of those. But this last year, we ended up uh launching our first kit studios, which is uh in Boyisey, and it's five studios all in one space. And there's like a community area and conference room and all that. and it's just available for our customers to use for free and we just launched one a couple weeks ago in Chicago and we're working on New York and so the idea is sort of the MX Centurion Lounge of Creator Spaces and you know as a member as a customer of our software you just get access to that for free and so it's a long way of saying that the there's a lot wrapped up in this kit rebrand and it's basically taking my dreams for the last you know 5 10 years and bringing them all to life immediately. I want to go back to documentary series uh that you've done to uh basically document how you were doing rebranding. Uh this is essentially a marketing campaign, right? Yeah. So I have two questions in that regard. Uh first of all, how did you make decision to kind of invest time and effort to do it? And secondly, how do you know it was worth it? Like did you try to measure ROI or something or how do you tell your team, okay, this was a success or not? Yeah. So, when we were thinking about doing this big rebrand, you need to make sure that your message is actually landing and that you, you know, ultimately you're telling stories. You're trying to tell the story of why you switched, uh, what this new brand means and what people should expect going forward. And often people do that. you know, they're going to put a lot into their homepage copy, the brand positioning, and maybe they've got some killer announcement video they've edited down to 90 seconds and that like tries to encapsulate all of that. And that's really hard to tell like to communicate the level of information that you need uh in like that condensed amount of time. And so we we have this value at Kit of work in public and just share the journey, share the process. And so you don't have to necessarily go create brand new content. You can just document what you're doing. And so that was what we did is said, "Okay, let's bring our customers along for this journey and let's release this four-part documentary of, you know, talking through every aspect of it." And we included recordings of when we talked to our customers and their reactions and and all of that. And it ended up being absolutely the right thing to do because you'd see these comments on social media where someone would say, "Why are you guys rebranding to to kit? That's so stupid. ConvertKit actually meant something, but kit is just meaningless." And then there'd be a reply from another customer who would say, "You know, I actually thought the same thing." And then I watched episode two of their documentary linked right here and I I got it. And then you'd see the reply back from the first person go, "Oh, that makes so much sense." I had no idea where they were going with this app store and building, you know, this whole app store and ecosystem and that, you know, the idea of what is your kit as a creator? What tools did you assemble to run your unique bespoke business? Oh, that makes perfect sense. And so we're just like, yes, the documentary is working, right? Because we had so much bigger of a canvas to tell the story of why we're doing it. And so then when customers would reach out and be like, "Hey, when is the next episode of the documentary coming out, we're like,"All right, uh, we've done that well." And then I've also had so many brands, so many friends who are, you know, CEOs or CMOs of brands who they're like, "Actually, we want to rebrand and we want to know what's been going. We've talked about it for years. One, thank you for writing all of this in detail of how you did it. And then two, can we ask you a couple questions? Because you covered this in in episode three and that was super interesting, but like here's five more questions. And I just think that's the best kind of marketing is when you uh build your business and live your life and do it in a way that provides value for a lot of people. I really like how you frame it and the reason why I ask this question in the first place is that a lot of time what I'm seeing kind of online on Reddit from discussions what marketers are discussing is that marketing has to prove its value like how is your value uh how is what you're doing driving value to the business how it is helping your business grow and they want those metrics they want attribution they want to tie it to the return on ad spend yeah yeah yeah like what is the ROI so what is the ROI way of doing this documentary and you cannot track like I don't know what someone would say let's track I don't know customer churn and let's compare if people who watched the documentary are churning less than people who didn't watch documentary or stuff like this but uh what I'm hearing is that you didn't bother about any of that you just kind of applied logic and common sense to say that this kind of campaign which which required a lot of effort as far as I can tell because the videos are well produced. You have a whole section on the website about this. You have to fly people around. They have to document. There's there's a lot of work uh which could be spent elsewhere. There's opportunity cost to to doing this this kind of thing. And what I like is that you uh track value of this thing by kind of secondary indications of what you see people saying in comments and what you see people saying to you when you reach out to you. Yeah. I want we have 60,000 paying customers for Kit. I want to equip as many of them as possible to be able to tell the story of our brand and to say this is why I'm a customer. this is why you should be too. And you know, it it takes creating content. It takes storytelling. If you're just saying, "Here's our homepage headline, here's our marketing copy, all of that." And then you overhear a conversation and it's like, "Oh, why should I use I you use this tool? Should I use it, too?" And they're like, "I mean, yeah, if you want to. I It's been good for us." and they're like they don't have the words to explain why this matters. You you've just done a huge disservice to your your brand and your customers. This resonates like crazy with me. So uh a small spoiler I'm in the process of writing a book about marketing and kind of laying out our strategies uh how we were doing marketing at HFS and equip customers with the talking points is one of the kind of larger concepts of strategies that are that I'm going to discuss and this is actually people talking a are talking a lot about word of mouth like word of mouth marketing how do you make your people your your customers talk about you to other customers and what you're saying resonates so hard with me because you're equipping ing them with the talking points. So one big thing for us uh early when I joined HFS maybe a year in I found a study by I think it was a hosting company or something they measured the activity of different web bots and uh they put HFS second after Google. So we were the second most active crawler after Google. I was like wow this is a very solid talking point. It's memorable. It's cool. And I started putting it everywhere in our marketing. Like we're writing an article, I would make sure to mention it. We're going to the conference, I would make sure to mention it. And then I kind of saw what you were seeing. I'm seeing on Reddit and someone asking a question like, "So how is HFS better than those other tools?" And someone is like, "They actually have the second best crawler after Google." I was like, "Wow, this this thing works." So yeah, I I love that your I love that you kind of understand the mechanics of how your documentary works to equip your customers to talk and spread the word about your business and your brand. Well, we we say word of mouth marketing and what we mean is, you know, customers talking about your brand, but what are the words that are going to come out of their mouth and you can equip them with that. you can say this is what you should say and I I wish that people instead of just thinking word of mouth marketing of like okay we're going to have a great product uh we're going to make it resonate in some good ways all that I wish they were very deliberate and they thought about what is the conversation that I want to overhear I think about this all the time with book positioning when is this book that we're creating uh going to be recommended and what's that conversation that I want to overhear I think about uh Dan Martell's book, Buy Back Your Time. I imagine two entrepreneurs talking and one of them is saying, "Oh, I'm overwhelmed. Like, I just I can't get all this going. I feel like I've, you know, at the point the business is making $10 million a year, but I still feel like I'm stuck in the weeds and the other entrepreneurs saying, "Oh, have you read Dan Martell's book, Buy Back Your Time? It's about exactly this, right?" Right. And so you you can imagine that happening and I want that for software. I want it for our products. And the same thing that you want where you're imagining a creator saying, "Okay, I'm my business is growing. I didn't know you could make money as a creator." But now I'm trying to figure out where do I go from here? And then you know their friend can say, "Oh, actually kit is for creators who mean business. it sounds like you're ready to take this seriously and you need to go to a platform that's going to do that and you need to be surrounded by other creators and so it's it's basically how can I feed these talking points and you can't you know write a script and be like hey Tim when this comes up say this but through all your marketing and storytelling you can effectively do that. Yeah. Yeah. I I love this. So one thing you said I think in the documentary uh watching people react to kid brand versus convert kid brand different level. So I wanted to to get some details like what exactly did you observe? Yeah, it was fascinating. We've always had highlevel clients on ConvertKit, you know, whether it's like James Clear and Tim Ferrris, Huberman, Tim McGrath, like all of these people. But I think as we went into some of of these conversations, I'll give you an example. We were talking to Matthew McConna's team and right as we were working on the rebrand, but nothing was public yet. So this is like January 2024. And so we were we were convert kit in all of those conversations. And as someone new would come into the conversation, you know, from his team, they be like, "Okay, cool. That's the software that we're using." Later on in the process, as we continue, because these things take time, we had rebranded to Kit. And I got to watch his head of PR come in and was like, "Oh, Kit." And like she was so excited about kit and where we were going and the brand like her reaction was totally different from like oh this is a tool we're using to oh this is the cool thing that we want to be a part of like this is the next wave in newsletters and so people reacted completely differently and it's partially the conversations we got in partially the the rebrand and how we were showing up like a bunch of factors but we ended up doing this ridiculous run of celebrity newsletters where like in a 3 month period after rebranding, we launched newsletters for Lil John, Ellen, Morgan Freeman, uh Tom Brady, Matthew McConna, like the just it kept going. Um, and so it was it was fascinating watching people treat the brand totally differently because of how much we elevated it from, you know, a marketing tool to like actually a movement serving creators. Wow. The the power of brand. Yeah. Uh case study. Another question I had is about your homepage redesign because you took a very interesting angle where you were showcasing uh your clients instead of showcasing your software and you kind of you you tried to show the use cases of your software through the kind of case studies of your clients. But my question is again back to data because uh marketers online uh are super data obsessed and uh I'm sure a lot of them would ask you did you AB test this? Yeah, we definitely did. Okay. And so we've taken a few different approaches over the years at sometimes we've gone very uh product focused and so someone comes and they're like okay immediately I know this is a software product and it helps me grow my list and automate and I can see it. Other times we have gone very messaging valued driven uh very brand driven in that sense and where we've ended up both through you know our own style and then also a bunch of tests is really to split the difference and to say here are the like we said earlier you know make creators the heroes of the brand and so here are the creators that use the platform and so you immediately get that trust you come to the homepage page and you're like okay uh James Clear you know who wrote Atomic Habits the bestselling book of the last decade basically uh he uses kit and you see there I think on the homepage right now is Nisha Vora who is a vegan food YouTuber and in her photo she has her gold play button from YouTube right so you immediately if if you know anything about a creator you instantly know oh she has a million subscriber YouTube channel we don't need to explain anything because it shows up as visual someone else outside the world is like I don't know some someone with a plaque right but if you're a creator you immediately know oh that is worth a lot um and then we try to go through the page and really say this is how Nisha or James or like uh Justin Welsh I think is on the homepage right now like this is how they use kit you know what's in their kit and it's that same storytelling idea and we're constantly testing okay Should we go a little more story or a little more product? And we we run some of those different angles. Um, but I think we've got a pretty good pretty good balance of it right now. So, what was the AB test? Uh, the So, there's been a bunch of them over the years, but one of them was like pure product versus uh pure storytelling, you know, and like name recognition and sort of this like Andrew Huberman uses us, you should too. And then now the AB tests are much smaller and they're they're things like what resonates better of if we lead with the product or we lead with the people. And so those are a lot of the a lot of the changes. Okay. I can think at least uh of at least two types of AB tests. One is focus group AB test where you like show different versions to people I know on a zoom call and you just talk to them and see their live reaction and uh the kind of clicks or conversion AB test where you used there are a bunch of softwares where you can do it. So which one did you do? We did both and so you know early on when we're doing much bigger directional things should we go more this direction versus that direction? is going to be a lot more of the uh qualitative reactions. You know, you're talking to 10 to 20 people. And then when we have some more of that direction and you can actually build out the pages and put them live, then you say, "All right, we're getting, you know, however many tens of thousands of visits a day. Like, let's see which performs better." So, let me get this straight. you uh AB tested the version of your homepage focused on creators versus the version I know focused on your product kind of more conventional one and you saw what more signups. Yeah, we saw uh so we we track you know clicks through to the signup page and then conversions to free accounts or like who creates a free account and then conversion to paid. And some of those tests weren't super crisp, you know, where you're like, okay, this is clearly the winner. And in that case, then we just say, okay, if if it's the results aren't statistically significant, what's the one that better aligns with our brand values? Uh there are times where you're like, I want this one to win and the other one wins and you're like, dang it. Thank you. This is exactly where I was going with this because this is this is my common uh kind of issue with those AB tests because if you have a vision Mhm. uh for what you want to say on your homepage, how you want to position yourself and you run an AB test and it doesn't perform well for like driving clicks to pricing page or whatnot for signups, but you really believe for that vision in long term. Should you abandon this vision just because like it didn't give you like clicks that week? You should try to see what you can learn from it, right? And I would run other tests. Was it your design? Was it the copy? Was it, you know, uh did your traffic change that week? Any of those things. Um that reminds me of a quote. Uh if you torture data long enough, it will confess to anything. So you can test until you see what you want to see. That is a very good quote. I love that one. The way that I think about it though is I think the biggest reason that businesses fail or don't achieve their potential is that the founder or the executive team loses interest and they they burn out, get distracted by something else, what whatever that is. And there's a lot of people who take such a data driven approach versus a vision-based approach that they end up running a business that they're like, uh, I don't really love this. And I'm like, "What do you mean you don't love it?" You and they're like, "Well, if I could do whatever I want, I would do this other thing." And I'm like, "You're the one in charge. You can do whatever you want." And so I think about what are the decisions that are going to keep you in love with this business, with this brand to be able to do it for a very long time. I have a ton of respect for uh Ben and Dan who built uh Mailchimp. They worked on that business, I think, for 21 years. And I was talking to Ben Chestnut, the CEO, at one point, and if I'm getting this right, I think that eight years in they hit a million in annual recurring revenue. And that was when they launched their free plan in 2009, 2008, 2009 time period. So they've been doing this business for a long time at that point. And then they just had this exercise in compounding, right? Where they just kept putting up bigger and bigger numbers and kept growing and growing. And I think that what you have to do as a founder is build a business that you can get that compounding for a very long time. And so if you're trying to decide like, oh, in this moment, do I go with my vision and my idea for this brand and all of that or do I go with the winning AB test? I would play both of them forward. And one of them is going to keep you in the game for years, maybe even decades. And the other one is might take you down a path of I don't know, I kind of lost interest in this business. I don't love the brand. I don't love the customer base or whatever cuz we just kept chasing the next logical dollar instead of chasing vision. Yeah. The vibe that I'm getting from you uh with the rebrand from ConvertKit to Kit, it kind of reinvigorated you and you're so excited. You're so passionate about it. It's almost like I don't know starting a whole new company with like bright future. So I I can actually feel from you that you have a lot of energy and a lot of passion for it. What I always think about is what's the gap between what you believe you should do. If you could have anything you want, what would you do and what you're actually doing? For me, those were pretty far apart where I had, you know, I wanted to change our free plan, but uh we needed revenue, right? We're a bootstrap business. That's a that's a dangerous move to make your free plan 10 times more valuable. I wanted to build an app store, but like that's a huge undertaking, right? You think about the amount of work and building an ecosystem, the team you want to hire and all of that. I wanted to build these physical spaces. I wanted to rebrand the company. Like all of these things, there was a big gap between what I wanted to do and what we actually could do. And what I realized is sort of this like you have one life. Live it the way that you want. like spend your time going to make a dent in the universe in the way that you want. And I think over the last 18 months, I've just everywhere possible closed that gap where there's there's still a gap between what we're actually doing and what I want to be doing, but it has gone from being quite wide to to quite narrow. And now it just comes down to logical things of like, okay, I can't do everything at once. So that will wait until we unlock this milestone. you know, I only have uh two soon to be three podcast studios instead of five or more. And it's like, no, we'll, you know, we'll build out the business methodically rather than do it all at once. Uh let's talk about your marketing more generally just outside of the the rebrand and what we already discussed. Uh is your marketing are there any other kind of fundamental changes in how you approach marketing, how you approached it for convert kit versus kit? Are you adding any new strategies? Are you investing more in certain campaign over others? Are you going to, I don't know, rebuild your marketing team somehow? So, I wonder the the the rebrand from ConvertKit to Kit and this bigger vision, does it change kind of your marketing engine as a whole? There's a few things that change. So, first ConvertKit was a product that you acquired as an individual user and you did your own marketing with it. There was no network effects or that sort of thing. It didn't matter who else was on ConvertKit. So if we had a mastermind group, if like I don't know, four or five of us are all creators and one uses ConvertKit, you know, I don't know, you use Mailchimp and someone else uses Mailorite and then the last one uses Active Campaign, like it it doesn't really matter other than the fact that like the way we each implement an automation is going to be different. With Kit, we have the creator network. And so you can actually like go and browse this network of creators, choose who you want to partner with, you know, you can recommend them, they can recommend you back and you grow together. And so what it means is that in any given niche, who is on the platform matters substantially, right? Because you can't partner with someone else, right? In that same mastermind example, let's say you and I both use Kit and our two friends use Mailchimp and Active Campaign. they we you know we're talking about the growth that we're getting because we're partnered up and we're working faster and they're like we we want in on that. It's like you can't unless you're on kit. And so the big marketing shift has really been around we've always done it but this idea of making creators the heroes of our brand and really showcasing who is on the platform. And so we were working with this uh popular YouTuber who we'll announce really soon who who it is. Um but tens of millions of subscribers on YouTube and as we were working through it, you know, we back channelneled with a bunch of our creators and said, "Hey, we're working to get this individual over. Will you reach out? Would you be up for collaborating with them if they could launch on Kit?" And uh we're talking to the COO of, you know, of this creator's company. And he said, you know, based on everything I'm hearing, I'd have to be an idiot. And I'm like, you know, it's always one of those things where you're like, where's this sentence going? You know, it gets to that point. I'm like, is this is this good? And he goes, I'd have to be an idiot to use any platform besides Kit because everyone that I trust is on and recommending the platform. And it made making that sale so easy because of the community. So I think the big the biggest difference between our marketing as ConvertKit and our marketing as Kit is really showcasing who's on the platform, why they believe in it, and the power of it. Uh and then there's lots of things that, you know, we used to do years ago that we're bringing back. Uh like direct sales, that's something that I built the whole business on in the early days and then I moved away from and now it's just it's so impactful to land these big customers one one by one. And then there's other ones like uh webinars are another big one, you know, and doubling down on our affiliate channel to basically to bring this new brand to life. Let let's dig a little bit into those direct sales because again yesterday at the dinner I think it was Eric who specifically asked you how do you get those big customers? Like do you just I don't know flat out send email to I don't know Arnold Schwarzenegger's team, hey do you guys want to move to Kit? Right? like you you need to surely do something else to to land those uh bigname customers. Yeah. So, in the early days, that's what it was, right? A lot of cold emails and you work work your way up. Now, it's making a connection between, you know, who you want to have on the platform, maybe a particular niche that you're going after, and then listing out all those people and then figuring out what introductions can we get. Like for example, just before this I was having coffee with Ben Rawitz who is Tom Brady's manager and I've known him for a few years. We've you know worked to bring Tom over to Kit when he launched his newsletter and that was a fun moment because he launched his newsletter tied in with the Super Bowl when he was you know the announcer of the Super Bowl and so it got a crazy amount of growth and and traction. Uh but I will then lean really heavily on our network. So, if we're trying to recruit someone over and then then I'll be asking around, hey, Ben, do you know who runs this person's do you know happen to know their manager or all that? He's like, oh, I don't know them, but like here's the company that's behind it or here's those things. Or if I'm trying to reach someone, I'll do it through connections to someone else. Um, and I'm like, okay, do we go agent? Do we go manager? do we go uh direct to the creator depending and usually someone I know has a a connection there and that's another reason that I do my podcast is I end up in all these conversations with creators who know other creators and so often that I'm saying hey could you uh you know would you be up for reaching out to this person seeing if they'd be up for an intro and that makes a really big difference the other thing is one of my favorite topics is flywheel And it's something that people talk about all the time as like this abject. I was at a newsletter marketing conference and I was the like the closing keynote for the day and every single talk included the word flywheels leading up to that. But I don't think that people actually know what flywheels are. And uh and we can get into that if you want to, but um the I think a lot about a direct sales flywheel and how do you do these activities like onetoone outreach that makes it easier to get more customers. So for us, I'm like listing out target customers. I'm uh trying to get on calls with them and then we're doing this custom migration to bring them over, make sure it's a huge win, clean up their automations, like level up their email marketing through this like very hands-on migration. And then we're asking for the testimonial and and all of that. Can we use them in our marketing? And then we're asking for the referral. Hey, who's someone else that you know could be in a mastermind group or whatever else that we should talk to? And that brings us around the flywheel again. And what it means is you get more and more customers who are referring to you over time and able to drive so much more of this and and then we also have the network effects, right? Like the more customers we have, the more valuable it is for each individual customer because then they can recommend each other and all that. So, um yeah, there's there's a ton in there. Yeah. Network network effect for your clients is definitely a great value ad. Mhm. But uh can we disclose the largest annual contract size of your customers? Yeah, it's about $60 to $70,000 a year. Yeah. So that leads me into question. It seems uh correct me if I'm wrong, but you seem to be very personally involved. Yeah. In selling to those customers. Oh yeah. which means it doesn't necessarily scale very well because uh with 60k per year annual contract size and CEO doing sales uh like how much can you really sell in a month and versus versus building sales team that works without you and yeah implementing some kind of flywheel scaling that so what are your thoughts on this? Yeah. Well, first, if you're going for, you know, marketing and sales advice, there's probably someone much better to give it than me, right? Like, we've done really well in building kit, but at the same time, I don't know, you know, we're still a long ways off from our full potential. But I think that so much of the business is relationship driven. And you know, I always think of the Paul Graham quote where he talks about do things that don't scale because I've seen over and over again when you do things that don't scale, it enables channels and think these methods that do scale. And one thing I realized about our business is if I had a traditional small business and we absolutely crushed it for a couple of clients, then they would go and tell their other business owner friends, you know, in the local chamber of commerce or whatever else, right? And we'd get this network effect and gradually spread from there. with creators, they go tell like 10,000 of their closest friends, you know, and it's just the the reach from that is just wild. If they leave the powered by link on the bottoms of their emails and say, "Oh, yeah, we love Kit. We'd be happy to do that." That's a big deal. Like, we've had bigname professional athletes reach out to us cold and say, "Hey, I would love to work with Kit. Tell me what you guys have going on." Like, "Oh, how did you hear about us?" like we just saw that Tom Brady's newsletter was really good and we saw powered by kit at the bottom and so we reached out and so it's very very scalable to land these one-off clients. Now at the same time we really spent time building out a small sales team and so we have a fivep person sales team uh they have different focuses but like one person on our team Maggie her entire focus is agencies. She's saying, "How do I not get an individual creator on the platform, but how do I get a an agency and teach them, do trainings for their team, all of that, so that then they're bringing over all of their clients? And then how do I get, you know, in my my agency flywheel, how do I spin up more and more agencies so that I'm getting, you know, maybe it's only one lead a week from each agency or one one lead a month for each agency, but then if I can get 20 of these agencies that are continually onboarding new customers, then I've got, you know, almost like 20 sales reps out there who are closing deals, servicing their clients, and continually bringing new clients to Uh one that we're we just launched is uh Dual Lia uh just launched their newsletter on kit and that one came through an agency that you know we developed over time and so you get these conversations where you're like wait how are we in this conversation like my inbox is just starting to look ridiculous and it's basically these flywheels that we've built up over time and now are really starting to build momentum. Well, yeah, that explains because uh when you're personally involved in sales, it's not just the 60K per year client that you're getting, right? It's all the kind of network effect and all the cloud that comes with lending that person. And yeah, like you say, if someone like Tom Brady leaves powered by ConvertKit, even for a couple weeks, that that's huge uh exposure that costs a lot more than just 60K that you get from him. Last topic because we're we're running out of time. uh yesterday at the dinner you said that you uh love and kind of feel you're good at building teams, building processes, building systems and uh I actually have a screenshot of uh one of your articles uh in my kind of um folder with some things I want to remember and come back to. uh and it's about how you delegated a lot of the work that you used to do yourself but you understood that this just doesn't scale and you try to have flowed as much of it as you can to your team. So uh in that vein I wanted to ask you like what are your some of the kind of most successful or most effective processes uh that you implemented kind of within your team marketing related. Yeah. So I think as a founder there's a lot of content that you want to create and that can consume any amount of time that you allow it to. And because of my background as a as CEO, content creator, uh I know the product inside and out, you know, a lot of times when we would do product marketing, I would be like, "Okay, what's the video going to be? How would we do this? Then you got to set up the lighting. You you got to do all of these things, right?" and we've got it down to the science where now once a quarter we do a recap video of here's everything that we've released in the product. And so now my team writes the script for that. And they have a custom GPT that takes all of our feature releases and they flag the most important ones and it writes a script which then they work from and be like, "All right, what do we actually want to highlight?" But it it saves a bunch of time. And then, you know, we have these beautiful studios and so I just sit down and hit record. You hit a few buttons on the wall and it like all the lights, the camera, everything comes on perfectly. So, it took what used to be 30 or 40 minutes to like dial it in and all of that, you know, is now 30 to 40 seconds. The script goes up on the teleprompter. I record it. Uh, if I miss a line or any of that, I just back it up. I don't start and stop like editors can fix that. And so it really took this thing that used to be probably half a day of work for me and drops it down to 15 minutes to record, you know, this 7 8 minute script and then it goes out from there. So that is a very simple flywheel that just runs every quarter. I know that, you know, uh, my team's going to drop a 30 minute, you know, block on my calendar sometime that I'm already in the studio recording and I'll just knock that out. And so there's a lot of those things where I used to be doing a lot of that and now I'm able to get like the same, you know, better quality and uh still have my voice and face on it but really not invest very much time at all. In terms of uh team management, uh I wonder what is your kind of philosophy or processes? What is your take on I know reporting uh planning meetings again tracking things like ROI budgeting so how how does your marketing machine work in that regard how kind of bureaucratic and how calculated and how numbers driven it is versus this is the thing we believe in this is the thing that we want to do let's do it let's publish it and that's about it I think you have to have a blend uh if you go too much one side or the you're just going to end up causing a lot of frustration. Um, and so for example, I I always try to write down an assumption of of like what would success look like? So, if we're publishing a video, let's say the documentary series, and I don't remember the numbers, but we'd we would write down what does success look like and like the qualitative and quantitative. Mhm. Not that we're going to be like, "Oh, this is a failure. Cancel it." if we said, "Oh, we want 10,000 views and it got 7,000." But you just want that benchmark because you want to be able to calibrate over time your own your own assumptions. So, that's the first thing. The second thing is I think it's really important to narrowly focus on a few key initiatives and really build a reporting function around that. I used to build a lot of features and like we'd launch it and be like, "Okay, who started using it? All that, cool, next." And we'd we'd move on. And now uh with our core initiatives we have a weekly meeting where we get everyone who's working on that it's very focused and we meet on that we review the metrics we don't do like OKRs for the entire organization but we do these objectives and key key results for these core initiatives. So the four that we have are uh our app store our creator network uh activation and onboarding and then revenue. And so it has that consistent accountability for each person. So like on the app store, on the app store for example, we're talking about, you know, what apps have we released, what new endpoints have we built, you know, how's the adoption, those metrics, and we just have that 45minute meeting once a week. And actually another thing that we do is we have a 15-minute meeting after it that's just the execs. And so then we can say like, okay, but how is this initiative going at a high level? and we can cover all our action items there and any changes to make. And so in that four hours a week of meetings, I feel like I have a strong pulse on the business. People are reporting on the key metrics and staying really focused without us getting bogged down trying to like instrument and measure every single part of the business. Another good example of this would be our creator network initiative where you know we're trying to see how are creators finding each other recommending and what we found is that reciprocal recommendations mattered if I recommend you how likely are you to recommend me back and can we influence that in the product and so we found that we were sitting about 11% uh reciprocal recommendations and so we made for an entire quarter we made that the number one goal and so the product team just obsessed over how can we increase that number and so you're thinking about okay can we do smarter email notifications can we change the UI like you know how do we make sure that the first recommendation is higher quality so there's a better match and all of that and at the end of the quarter we were at 21%. And that has a huge impact in the business and so we'll pick things like that where one team just obsesses over a metric and they just keep iterating until uh until they hit that. That pretty much wraps up our interview. Nathan, thanks a lot for taking the time. Uh, I really enjoy it and learn a lot today. Yeah, thanks for having me. I'm always down to chat marketing and business and all that. Thank you. Thanks a lot for sticking till the very end of this episode. I guess that means you enjoyed it, right? Because if you did, I have to ask you to subscribe to this YouTube channel or maybe click the follow button if you're listening to this on Apple or Spotify. Not sure if you know this, but subscriptions and follows are the strongest signal for these platforms to show this piece of content to more people. So, I would really really appreciate it if you would follow and subscribe. Thanks in advance and I'll see you in the next episode.