Video ID: s7QLEp6hkwM
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7QLEp6hkwM
============================================================

Welcome to this episode of B2B
Marketers on a Mission, and I'm your host. Christian Klepp,
today I'll be talking to Wes Bush. He's the CEO and founder
of ProductLed over the last eight years, he's worked hands
on with more than 400 SaaS companies to help them unlock
more than $1 billion in self serve revenue through
product-led growth. He's also the author of the Product-Led
Playbook how to build a product that sells itself. Tune in to
find out more about what this B2B marketer's mission is. All
right, Mr. Wes Bush, welcome to the show. Thanks so much for having me. You know, every now and then I
do get Canadians on the show. And it's always a pleasure, you
know, to have a chat about B2B marketing with folks in my neck
of the woods. And you know, I say neck of the woods very
loosely, because, you know, Canada, short of stating the
obvious, is a pretty big country. Totally. Absolutely. So let's jump into
it, Wes, because, you know, this is going to be, I'm sure, a
pretty great conversation. But more importantly, I think it's
one that's going to be interesting and relevant, right?
And if we're just going to, like, start, I'm going to start
with saying that you are on a mission to help B2B companies to
unlock self serve revenue and dominate their markets with tiny
teams, right? So for this conversation, we're going to
focus on a topic that is, I would say, near and dear to you,
which is how to build a winning strategy that ignites growth.
Now I know for some members of the audience that might sound
very top level and generic, but we're going to get into it here,
and gonna get into the weeds, and then they'll understand why
we're calling it that, right? So let's kick off the conversation
with two questions, and I'm happy to repeat, right? So a big
part of what you focus on is product-led growth. So why do
you believe product-led growth is only half the story, and what
should marketers do about it. Yeah, so for product led growth,
like if you're not sure what it is, it is a go-to-market motion
where you'll use your product to acquire users. You can use it to
engage those users, to get them to value, also monetize them,
and also use it to expand into account. So if you think about
like a company, what does that look like? You'll typically see
like a free trial or freemium motion, or something like that,
where that's what the company is using to acquire more people
come in the fold. And so from a marketers point of view, like
this is really huge, because every single time I've worked
with a company, let's say that sales-led, where they just have
a demo led kind of motion, and then they launch a free trial,
or freemium motion, right off the top same traffic, you're
gonna have like 20 to 30% more people signing up. And it's
nothing like crazy behind the scenes stuff. It's just like
people want to try before they buy. And when we ran the study,
we found out actually, 97% of people would prefer to try
before they buy versus talk to someone in sales. And so you'll
see that in your conversion rates as well, and everything
else like that. So that's kind of like what product-led growth
is, and then why it's really relevant for marketers to
consider. And that's just talking about one aspect of it,
where it's like from your call to action for your main product.
But there's so many other ways you could leverage product that
grows, like powered by x company. You might have seen
that like with companies like Drift or Intercom and stuff like
that too, which can really fuel growth and help you acquire
customers with a very low customer acquisition cost. Yeah, no, absolutely,
absolutely. I wanted to go back to something you said earlier,
which I think is very interesting, and I have seen it
a lot, right? There's even reports about that out there. A
lot of users prefer to, like, yes, absolutely try before they
buy. But they also want to have this I'm just going to say
there's contactless, but there's also sales-less experience, if
that's even a word, right, which means that they want to try and
buy and conduct this research and make an informed decision
without necessarily having to have a conversation with that
sales person. Why do you think that is? It's a, yeah, it's like, why do
we think that is, I don't know. Like, there's like, goes back to
the psychology of like, okay, do you need to do this at the end
of the day too? Like, the question I always ask companies,
where it's like, when it comes to sales, is, like, is this
person adding value or friction, and a lot of times when it's
like, hey, the only way you can buy from us is if you talk to us
and you go through our sales process, like, who has the
leverage in that kind of relationship? It's the buyer,
you would think, right? But what's changed is every single
industry right now, especially in the software space, with AI
booming and all that stuff too, is never been easier to create a
product. So in every single market, there's tens or hundreds
of different options. And so you lost your leverage. If you ever
thought you had leverage, you're like, hey, we're gonna get
people to buy the way we want them to buy. That's gone out the
window, and you need to actually cater towards, hey, this is what
buyers want. And I think it goes back to your question of, like,
why do people want this? Well, they've been probably burned at
some point. Like, I think as so many products I've personally
bought where I'm like, you know, back when I was working on video
art, for instance, we were purchasing Marketo, and Marketo
is, like, this ultra powerful marketing automation platform.
And I was like, on the website, and I was like, Oh, wow, this
thing's so slick. It does so many things. This be great. I'm
excited. And then we signed it, and then we got the product
login. I was like, Oh, this thing's complicated. This is
going to take a lot of work to just figure out how to set up
this tool. And I was like, Man, I thought it was so much easier,
better slick, like that marketing side and all that
stuff. And so you just have to have one of those experiences to
be like, You know what? There is this marketing, sales-led way of
building a company. And then it, yes, you can build trust that
way. It takes longer. But then there's this other way of like,
Hey, listen, just here's the keys to the product. See for
yourself if you like it or not. Just like, when you buy cologne
or perfume, you're like, Oh yeah, I'm gonna, like, have a
little sample of that, see if it smells good, and then you can
try it on. And sometimes that's a completely different
experience too. You're like, smells good in the bottle, but
then you put on your skin, like, an hour later it's either washed
off or like, I don't like that. And so if you want to build
trust faster, you have to actually have that product-led
experience. Sounds to me that you want to
create a better customer experience, which is actually
more surprise, customer centric. Surprise. Yes, absolutely. No. Totally
agree with that. And I think we've all had those experiences
right, where you didn't have the opportunity to try before you
bought right said product or service, and then when you
actually got it, you, for lack of a better description, just
didn't have a very seamless, or perhaps even a horrible
experience with said product, and just that cycle of having to
go through customer support or get getting some help with a
said, like, for example, software that that in itself
probably was a nightmare, right? Oh, yeah. And they're like, Oh
man, I'm gonna have to, like, spend all that time learning how
to use this. Man, wouldn't it have been nice if we just
purchased something easy to use? Exactly.. It's like. Exactly. You realize that you're like,
man, it would have been right? Yes. But we didn't do that whole
process. Exactly, exactly. Moving us on
to the next question, which is still focusing on this topic of
building a winning strategy, right? What are some of these
key pitfalls that you think B2B marketers should avoid, and what
should they be doing instead? Yeah. All right, so the very
first question, like, when I go through like, how to build a
winning strategy, it all comes down to like, hey, which market
could you become the obvious choice in? Because in any market
there's four buckets you're going to fall into. The very
first one is, like, the scariest, hardest place to be in
and get out of, which is just commodity zone. And when you're
a commodity in your industry, everybody's just saying, hey,
like, what's the best price? What can you do for me? And it's
really hard to stand out and build a sustainable business,
because your profits are just slashed. The second kind of
bucket, a little better is your contender. And a contender does
at least one or two things a little different to break out of
the commodity zone land. And so that might be a unique feature.
It might be a unique approach, way of doing something, and that
is just enough to get them out of that commodity zone. So I can
charge a little bit more make a little bit more profit. But you
know what? There's this next group, which is above them that
looks at what contenders are doing and likes to copy them.
And these are the companies that are on the cusp of their market.
So there's like three to five companies, usually in any market
that's established, and the companies on the cusp, they are,
you know, in aggregate, usually taking about, like 25% of the
market share, and they are really competitive with each
other. But they have built this scale. They've built a great
go-to-market motion. So they have usually, like a contender.
They do one, maybe two things different, but they also have
that go-to-market motion, and then there's only usually one
company like the Canva, the industry, the Zoom of the
industry, the Slack of the industry, that becomes like this
is the obvious choice. And so the like, core tenant of
building winning strategy is, where can you become the obvious
choice? And in order to answer that, you need to say. Hey, we
are the obvious choice for, you know, this market, or this
subset of the market who's looking to do Y, or this
specific thing. And I literally just went through this with some
other SaaS founders today. And it's fascinating, because it's
like, let's not think like big vision here. Let's think like,
the next year. Where can you win? We're realistically can you
become the obvious choice in and even just that exercise alone,
it's really simple, but it grounds you in the reality that
in order to stand out, you need to be crystal clear on where
you're going to win and make sure that actually aligns with
what are your product's core capabilities. Who actually cares
about that stuff too. Absolutely, absolutely, I'd like
to jam on that a little bit further, if you don't mind, Wes
like this... Yeah. This whole approach of like
becoming the obvious choice in your market. And I know, for
probably people outside of Canada, they might not know
this, this brand, but there is a brand in in Canada called no
name, right? Or it's basically like no brand name, right? And
you can find those in like, No Frills and whatnot. So it's
like, no name baking soda, no name cooking oil, right? And if
I understood you correctly, you don't want to fall into that
category, right? So you want people to, like, recognize your
name, right? You want your name to be synonymous with good
quality, good experience, and so forth. But here comes the
question, because you said, become the obvious choice, right
in your specific vertical, vertical or segment rather. So
how do you, how do you go about doing that? And I know you named
some of the steps already, but how do, how do you get SaaS
companies to identify that, that segment where they can become
the obvious choice? The very first kind of piece of
that is the second question, which is like, well, now where
do you play best? And this is really hard to do, especially if
you're a product market fit stage, like, trying to identify,
like, who is our best users and stuff. What I always say at that
stage is like, hey, try out a lot of customers, just as much
as they're trying to try out you see, which use cases resonate
best. See what kinds of customers you work best. You get
the most energy with. Because there's something like an
unwritten rule of building a company which is like founder
market fit. And I actually believe, like, that's a lot
like, more important than product market fit, which is,
like, do you actually like these people? Like, for instance, for
me, it's like, I love working with SaaS founders. It gives me
energy. It's fun. I can do this for the long term. Now, product
market fit is like, just trying to understand who resonates best
with your company and the products you do. So the next
step where to play is like, Get really clear on your ideal
customer. Now everybody says that not everybody has, like, a
way of whittling it down. Now, there's three factors I really
look at to see, like, is this an ideal customer or not? And the
first one is motivation. So are they, like, insanely motivated
to solve this problem? Whatever your product solves, that should
be very high. The second thing is ability, do they have the
ability to actually see success in this product, to get it set
up? You know, if there's like, the no name buying chips, it's
like, okay, most people have that ability to eat chips. We're
gonna just put that for everybody. But for a software... One would assume. Yeah, opening up some of those
bags is tricky, huh? Yeah, sorry, go on. Yes. And where some certain
softwares like it's hard to figure it out. And so if you
give like a marketer, this like technical web development app
where you can create your own website. It's like, you know, is
the developer going to be more successful with the marketer?
And it's like, the marketer might be the big visionary, the
creative here, but the developer actually would see better
success setting it up, at least. So ability. The second thing,
the third thing is triggers. So does this person get triggered,
whether it's internally or externally, to to solve this
particular problem. Now, if you have, like, zero triggers, but
you're like, motivated and ability, it's like, you know,
when they find out about you, eventually they're gonna be
like, Oh my god, I gotta, like, get this right now. But you want
ideal users and customers where it's like, this is pretty
frequent. Like, hey, your customer acquisition costs are
high, and they keep hearing this from their boss, the rest of
their head of marketing, all that stuff, and they have that
consistent awareness of this, and so they want to solve this
problem. So those three things help you kind of whittle down
who are your ideal customers and where you should play best. Fantastic, fantastic. So
motivated, or motivation, rather ability and trigger or triggers,
there might be more than one, right? Oh yeah, definitely there should
be more than one for your ideal ones. Yes, yes. All right, I'm gonna
move us on to a question where I'm gonna say it's one of those
where you just have to unpack everything. So just imagine your
travel in a bag, and you've just, you're just, you're coming
back from a trip, and you've got to unpack everything, right? So
here we go. In your book, you talk about this approach that
you use that's called the Product-Led system, right? So
how does this approach help scale product led businesses and
help them become the dominant choice in their market? Yeah. So there's a lot to unpack
here. Definitely. I got my bag. My suitcase is loaded. How long
do we have? Off you go, off you go. As
succinct as you can but I know there's a there's quite a bit to
talk about here. Yeah, totally. All right, so
when working with over 400 plus SaaS companies, what we
distilled is there's these nine core components that if you want
to build a product-led company, you have to dial these in. And
what I learned after building the Product-Led system is
there's actually a strategic order of how you could go about
building and scaling your product-led business. And so
especially if you're a marketer listening to this, this is going
to be really, really helpful for you to even get in alignment
with your founder and rest your leadership team to go through
this. Because if they just come to you be like, hey, we want to
be product led and get started on that landing page. You'd be
like, Well, I had this great podcast. Have a listen to this
part and get started. So the very first kind of phase
of the Product-Led system is all about building a foundation that
is unshakable when it comes to building your product-led
business. Now the first piece we did touch on a little bit, which
is your strategy. So what does that look like? And the reason
that's first for building a product business is because at
the end of the day, like, if your product led growth strategy
isn't connected to like, how is your company going to win? It
usually doesn't get much legs or resources or support, or you
don't really build the right capabilities on your team to
support it really well. Because what happens if you don't do
this is a lot of times, companies will get started with
PLG (product-led growth), and then it doesn't work, and then
it's like, hey, wait a minute. Like this isn't functioning
really well for us because we don't have the right
capabilities. And so that's that's one thing we got to think
about quite a bit. Now, the second piece of this,
once you get your strategy built out, is you have to understand
who is your ideal user. And this is not to be confused with your
ideal buyer, your ideal like, the difference between the two
is the buyer is the one actually purchasing that the decision
maker, whereas your ideal user is the person who's actually
using your product. And so you need to understand exactly who
that is. Go through those same three things we talked about,
like motivation, ability, triggers, and more importantly,
you also got to understand what is ultimate success for this
person, like, what's their end game? What does that look like?
And we break it down into like these five main stages, what
that goes through like for your user journey. And you got to
understand that very well. But even that alone, when you break
down, like, I'll give you an example for marketers, it's like
when you think about the stage in the user journey of just
signing up. Okay, what are all the challenges that somebody's
gonna encounter or try and go through in order to sign up? It
could be simple things, like, hey, we just have, like, too
many form fields. It could be something a bit more
complicated, like, Hey, I don't trust what this site is like. I
give you an example, one of our product led clients. Like, they
have a company that, basically, if you hook up your AWS (Amazon
Web Services) or your cloud servers, they will run all these
reports and help you identify, like, hey, there's these errors
here and all that stuff. Now, the biggest objection that the
founder didn't know that was there was that if I give you
access to that, like you have the keys to our entire app,
everything, if we if, like, something goes wonky here, like
our app could get shut down all these, like, scary things. So
trust was huge. Now how do we build that? Well, we got to
understand, first off, what is that challenge, and then we can
come up with some solutions of what that looks like. And so
when you know your user that well, you can be like, this,
Jedi, of like, Oh, I know you're struggling with that. Like,
here's the solution ahead of time, and then you actually
confront a lot of those objections. And so that's the
second component. Got to understand your user better than
anyone else in your market. Once you do that, then you can
finally move on to the third step, which is, what is your
free model? What does that look like? The best product
companies, they all have a free motion that they lead with, and
it's something you can try before you buy. But the biggest
challenge here is most companies are not intentional with it.
They just give away something random, where they slap on a 14
day free trial. It's like, Hey, we're product-led, yet it
doesn't solve a meaningful problem. It doesn't lead to a
transformation where it's like, hey, I went from, you know, Wes
1.0 to Wes 2.0 like, when I think about ChatGPT and I
started using it, there is a notable difference in
productivity, because I can just brainstorm ideas faster. Even
writing the book was actually a lot faster, brainstorming so
many different ideas, even for the Product-Led system, it was
called the product led method before, method before that, then
I found out it's a system. I was like, oh, okay, so like, a lot
of these different things that just come out of it. Thank you. ChatGPT. Sponsored by ChatGPT, so, yeah,
that's the third step, is just understand, like, what do you
give away for free? Because you best free motions all have that
transformation in common. And so those first three components are
all about that foundation that you must have. And phase two is really all
about your go to market motion. So what does that look like? How
do you get customers to find out what you do and sign up for your
product and actually upgrade. So the core focus for phase two is
all about, how do you unlock self serve customers, customers
that can just sign up, get the value upgrade without talking to
you. And in order to do that, there's
three things you gotta have. First one is you gotta have an
irresistible offer that is something that is hugely
compelling for them. You speak to them, since you know your
ideal user very well, you're calling them out. Like, for us,
it's like, four SaaS founders, uh, hello. They're like, Oh,
it's me. And you actually speak to them, and that's really
compelling. And based on your strategy, you're also pulling in
that strategy into your offer. One of our clients, PromoTix,
for instance, they're going up against Eventbrite, and their
strategy to win against Eventbrite is literally two
things. It's like, we're cheaper, 20 or 40% cheaper. And
then second piece is we actually give you really good marketing
tools to sell more tickets. That's it. That was like their
strategy. They just mentioned that on their home page, and
they saw 40% more sign up, so the exact same traffic. So when
you do this right and you have a good strategy, your offer should
be a lot more compelling. Not to mention you can also put in that
new free offer that you have from the model component, which
makes it compelling. So once you get that, you'll have more
signups from the ideal users, not just more signups in
general. That's an important distinction. And when you have those
motivated people signing up, then you can move on to the next
component, which is the fifth one, and that's onboarding, and
that is really where you go through. How do we get people to
value as soon as possible? And I always say, like the first seven
minutes is insanely important because there's a little
pandemic in product led companies, which is 40 to 60% of
people will just not come back after that first time. And so
you really have to guide people to the value as soon as
possible. Now, because you're smart, because you've gone
through the user component, you know exactly, okay, what is end
the end game for these people? What does that success look
like? And you broke it down into every single stage you should
know, like, what is the first strike? What is something where,
if we get people to this moment, they're like, aha, yes, I like
this product. And then it's really about in order to do
onboarding well, it's creating the fastest path to get to that
specific point. And when you do that, and you get people to
value, what I believe, as far as product led companies go, is
we've done our job. That is a great product led motion. We've
served before we've sold people, we've given them value. But in order for this model to
work, we got to actually have pricing and people upgrading.
But this is the kind of sixth step, which is we've got to go
through how to make that easy so it can be a self serve
experience, so somebody could look at our pricing page in five
seconds understand, like, hey, this is the right plan for me.
And there's a lot we could dig into here, but the main thing
I'll kind of give a shout out on is you need to identify, like,
what are your value metrics? Like, if you look at email
marketing platforms or sometimes even CRMs (Customer relationship
management), it's, you know, per contact. And if you have 10,000
contacts, here's the price. If you have 500,000 contacts, it's
it's a bit more. So you can understand that relationship
pretty quick, and that's important for your product
company. So you can start somebody off on, let's say, a
$50 per month plan, and grow it to something like $5,000 per
month and but that only happens if you have really dialed in
value metrics and understand the pricing side of things. So
that's the first six components, first two phases, anything you
wanted me to dive in on or go on? I mean, this is really dynamite
stuff so far, and I'm gonna do a recap once you get to number
nine. But, like, there were so many things that you said that
resonated. Like, for example, having an irresistible offer, I
mean, just a cult Marlon Brando, I'm making an offer you can't
refuse, right? Like, but, um, I think on the topic of
onboarding, do you, from your own experience. Do you see that
that's a that's an area where a lot of SaaS companies struggle.
Because, you know, you always talk about churn, and then
Customer Success gets involved to make sure that the customers
don't churn. But some, but sometimes, they enter at a
little bit later stage of the entire process, and by that
point, customers will say, you know what I'm actually done
where we've actually signed a contract with somebody else, but
like, over to you, like, what's, what's your experience been? Oh, I think it's one of the
biggest problems that a lot of companies struggle with. One
caveat, though, is a lot of times they think it's the
biggest issue, but it's not. I'll give you a couple examples.
So I was talking to this one founder, and he had a low, free
to paid conversion rate, which for many product led companies,
like, it's usually the free to paid conversion rate that drives
them crazy. They're like, It's low. Why is it low? It's
onboarding. It's hugely the first thing they come to.
Because usually it needs a lot of work. But then in this case,
that wasn't the scenario. So I like heard what he was trying to
do to fix the free to paid conversion. He was like, I'm
going to spend the next quarter fixing our onboarding. This is
exactly what we're going to be doing. And then I went to his
website, I was like, now tell me, what do you do? I don't
understand. It's something AI enabled. But like, what the heck
do you as nicely as possible in my Canadian accent. And so he's
like, Oh, we do this. And I was like, oh, okay, yeah, yeah, I
get that. I get what you told me, but I did not get that from
your website. So here's what was happening is he was having
people sign up, and they would go through the onboarding and
they'd be like, not actually seeing value, because they, one,
were not the right people, because he wasn't speaking to
them. Two, they didn't actually really know what they were
signing up for, so they had almost next to zero motivation.
And so of course, they would just like, bugger out halfway
through, because they're like, I'm not really that committed. I
don't really understand what this product is, unless you have
a lot of extra time. And what was interesting about that too,
is he, if he was talking to the people, he would be able to
close them and upgrade them. So there was this weird thing going
on where it's like, okay, whatever you're saying, buddy,
it's important. And whatever you're showing them in the
product is very important too, but when you're making this self
serve, that's not quite happening. And then the the
other most common thing where they think it's onboarding is
somebody signs up for free. They can, like, click around, they
can do stuff, but they can't actually experience any
meaningful transformation because they've gated it because
they didn't understand, like, from the model component, like,
what is something we got to give away that actually gives people
a power up in life. It has to feel like there's the before and
then there's the after of this product. And if it doesn't have
that, if it's just bland or I just sign up for another app,
and now they're bombarding me with emails and all this fun
stuff, and I've got zero value. Of course, I'm not going to
upgrade, and that was a long winded way of saying there's a
lot more that goes into free to paid conversion rate than just
the onboarding. But you are right that most people focus
almost too much of their time, I would say, on fixing the
onboarding, when the foundational elements before it
actually matter a bit more, and just most people don't think
about those. Absolutely, absolutely, yeah,
no, in your best Canadian accent, you mean, like, sorry, So sorry. What do you do?
(laugh) But you mentioned, you mentioned
a couple of things, but the one that jumped out at me is part of
it, is the messaging, or the way that you package it, right?
Because I've been on a couple of those websites too, and I scroll
up and down. I go back up to the above the fold of the website,
and I read through all the copy, and I scroll down again, and I'm
like, okay, yeah, still don't understand. Go back up. And I go
through it two times, and I'm like, I still don't quite
understand what the SaaS company is doing, right? So to your
point, right? If that's not clear in those first couple of
seconds, right, because you've got a you've got a window,
right, a very short window of time in which to grab people's
attention and to communicate what it is you do and how it
benefits them. And if companies can't do that, you know, you're
going to see a bounce rate. People are going to drop off and
won't have you. But the other thing that you said was the
before and after, right? I, in fact, as I was taking my notes,
I put like, these massive exclamation points right next to
it, right? Because there's many companies out there. That don't
communicate that enough, right? That transformation that they
are not necessarily aspiring to bring what they probably have
already brought, but it just doesn't come across in anything
that they communicate. Yeah.. And it's very common for
that. And one thing on the marketing side that, like a lot
of people resonate with and think is like, once you hear it,
you'll be like, oh, yeah, that's That's true. Sales-led companies
can actually have much shorter whether it's home pages, product
pages and all that stuff, that can keep things a little more
vague, high level focus around the value prop, but then just
get people onto the call, where they can deliver a lot more of
those messages. That gets people to understand, okay, this is
exactly what it is. This is how you help me. Whereas product led
companies usually it's a bit longer, but that's why product
marketing right now is booming, especially for a lot of product
led companies, because it's a unique capability you have to
develop. You got to make something really, really crystal
clear, like, what the heck it is? What does it do? How it's
going to enable you? And that can't just be left up to, oh
yeah, we'll catch them on the call. If they don't understand
what it is, it's like, no, no, you won't ever see them. They're
probably going to be anonymous visitors on your website before
they even sign up, and you just won't have a chance or a second
bat with them. Absolutely, absolutely. All
right, Wes. We've been keeping the audience in suspense. Now,
what are the last three parts of that process? So the first one all about
unshakable foundation. Second phase is all about, like,
unlocking self serve customers. Now, once you've graduated at
this stage, the last phase is all about, how do we unlock
exponential scale? And in order to do that, now that we have the
inner workings of a product led motion, with the offer, the
onboard and the pricing, now we gotta look at your data and
understand where is the biggest bottleneck. We have to
understand that at every single week. We gotta know, okay, this
is where most people are dropping off. This is where
they're getting stuck. And so the main metrics we look at for
a product-led company is number of, like, unique users that are
on their website, number of ideal signups. What does that
look like every single week? How many of those signups got to,
you know, successfully onboard, go through the onboarding setup,
and then how many of those people got to what we would
consider a first strike, something like tangible first
value moment, aha moment, whatever you want to call it. We
just like first strike, because it goes with our framework of
the bowling alley framework. And then once they get the first
strike, how many of those people get to a key usage indicator,
which is experiencing the value of the product at least two,
maybe three times. And the reason why this one's really
important is because what you're trying to build here is a bit of
a habit, and it's not just enough to get, like, one quick
aha moment. Like, yeah, that was good. We want people to come
back again and again and be like, oh, yeah, I created, you
know, a new graphic, or something like that. Canva is an
example where you're like, I'm really getting this. And then
how many of those people who hit that key switch indicator
upgrade? And so with just those simple go to market metrics,
there's a few others, like business health metrics and your
north star metric that we also go through. But with that, you
can easily find out where is the main constraint of this business
is it signups, which is holding us back? Is it, you know, not
enough people getting to value which is, like you mentioned
with onboarding, it's actually one of the biggest problems. But
what's unique is every one of those metrics should have a
unique owner. And let's say if this week, you know, you own the
metric for first strike, and not enough people are getting to a
first strike in the product. You actually become the mini CEO on
the leadership team, and you're saying, Hey, listen, everybody.
I know I'm holding everybody back. We got to solve this. I
got to enroll your help. And even if other people have high
priority stuff on their plate, they have to support you if you
need their help, because it's the company's bottleneck, and
that alignment and that focus around the data side of things
creates insane focus, which you need, because if you're
scattered everywhere, you're like, okay, it doesn't matter.
You know, Christian's got it, I think, but it's like, Hey, if
you need your help, drop it. Drop whatever you're doing. This
is the main priority, and companies that do that grow way
faster. But it's not enough to just have the understanding of
like, Hey, this is a big bottleneck. The next component, this eighth
one, is all about your growth process. So how do you
understand like, Okay, if, let's say first strike is the biggest
bottleneck, how do we understand like, we should do this
experiment versus that experiment, or we should do that
or this, and you got to have an experimentation framework to
actually understand, hey, what do you prioritize? What does
that look like? And that cadence and rigor really helps build
discipline so you're not just like, oh, the CEO said this
idea. I think, yeah, I don't want to get fired. Let's do it,
meanwhile, you know, it's a shitty idea, like, it's like,
okay, let's not do that, but at least you can go to them and be
like, is this high impact? Is this low impact? Oh, it's low
impact. Okay, so maybe we don't do that, and you actually have a
process for that. Now the last component is all
about team. Now, the reason this one's last for a product led
company is just by fact that most of the issues that would
have arisen with the data and the growth process, you would be
able to find a solution with your product, because your
product should eventually become in a product led company, your
best marketer, your best sales person, your best customer
success rep, all those things in one and it's only when you hit
certain problems, like, I'll give you an example, where it's
like, okay, we, for the last month, have been struggling to
get enough signups. We've tried all these experiments, but we've
actually shown a lot of promise with, let's say LinkedIn ads,
believe it or not, and it works. Now we want to scale that up.
It's like, okay, let's look at a maybe it's a LinkedIn ad
specialist, contractor, somebody on the team full time, and
that's when you can start to look at, okay, we need to bring
people into this equation to scale this up, and that allows
you to keep a lean team and highly profitable business at
the end of the day. That was a handful. But thank
you for distilling it down to these nine points today... I unpacked big. You sure did, my friend. I think
those are probably five suitcases instead of one. Yeah. But let me just quickly recap
this for the benefit of the of the audience, right? So number
one is building an unshakable foundation. Second one is, who
is your ideal user and don't confuse that with the buyer,
right? The third one is, what is your free model, also designing
something that solves a meaningful problem, right? Then
you get to the GTM motion, or go to market motion. Sorry for the
abbreviations, folks. Having an irresistible offer was number
four. Number five, which we spoke about at length,
onboarding. Number six is pricing, having the right plan.
And there's also clearly some value metrics involved there.
And then that last stage, which is unlocking exponential scale,
is looking at the data, identifying the biggest
bottlenecks and solving them. Number eight is the growth
process and having an experimentation framework in
place. And number nine, the grand finale, team. Great summary. You got them. All right, fantastic. Now here
comes the next question for you, Wes. So we've gone through these
nine points of these nine core components in the product led
approach. And so for the sake of providing the audience with
actionable tips, if there's somebody out there, like a
product marketer, or somebody in SaaS that's in a marketing role
that's listening to this and doesn't have 12 months to
deliver on results, right? And needs to act upon this right
away. What are like three to five things that these folks can
do right now to build a winning strategy? Yeah. So the first thing I would
recommend for you to go through is just analyze, like, where are
you at today on each of these nine components? So we actually
built a free product-led assessment, not trying to pitch
it here. It's just super helpful when it comes down to like,
okay, what are those specific questions? So each of the nine
components we have, like, a question. You can rank yourself
from a 1 to 10 on and like, for instance, your ideal user like,
Okay, on a scale of 1 to 10. Do you know your ideal user better
than anyone else in your market? And I was like, if it's 10 and
10, it's like, fantastic. You shouldn't need to focus there
that much. But we all know most people would be like, maybe 7,
6, 4, who knows and based on the order of them. So if your
strategy, your user, your model, is low. You have to start there.
And although you might want to be like, Oh yeah, our
onboarding, let's focus there. Everything builds off of each
other. Those nine components have an order. And so if your
earlier components are really weak, the rest of your product
led strategy is weak, and there's no amount of like, okay,
let's just add more people to the equation that's gonna help.
I always say, like, nail the process before you scale it. And
that should be true. That's why it's the last kind of lever you
pull in your business. And so yeah, for many companies we work
with, it's usually like, tightening up your strategy, and
then it's getting a little bit more clear on Who's your ideal
user, so you're not spreading yourself too thin. And then it's
sometimes like, the model might be okay. We don't always have
to, like, come in guns blazing. Like, let's switch it, because
you're working with Product-Led. Sometimes it's just like, Okay,
it's good enough. It's not perfect, but it's like, 7 out of
10. So let's move on to the higher leverage things that are
going to actually show that, hey, we made an impact here,
which a lot of times that's your offer as your onboarding or your
pricing, because those go to market levers when you go
through and implement and improve them, you that's where
you see the revenue at the end of the day, and then the data
and process side of things in the product at playbook, I
outline some meetings that you should install. So, like, on a
weekly basis or a monthly basis, quarterly basis. How do you
structure meetings so that you create the rhythm in your
company to review some of these things so it's not static. Like,
yeah, we updated our offer last September, I think, is no, let's
review that more frequently and see what we can do to improve
that. Dynamite stuff. Man, dynamite
stuff. And absolutely, on the topic of data and processes and
having those regular meetings, I think those regular meetings, if
you have a fixed agenda and you have fixed goals and objectives,
it helps keep everybody accountable. It's not something
that just fades into the ether, right? Totally. Because people are going to be
like, okay, where we're at, where are we at? What do we need
to do? What issues are we facing? What do we need to
tackle? Where do we need the validation, the approval? Where
do we need support? What are we going to do next? What are the
next steps? Wrap up the meeting with next steps, right? Instead
of just like, all right. Well, thanks, everyone. Like... Totally. And if anybody wants
like those templates too, for like, how to run those meetings.
I know we talked a bit about this on our last chat, too, but
everybody who's listening gets the free product led playbook.
If you want the audiobook for that, that's my gift to you, so
you can just go grab it at productledgift.com and then that
has the templates as well that you'll need to actually run
those meetings. Fantastic, man. Fantastic.
Christmas came early. Thank you, sir.
It did. Very, very generous. Very
generous. All right, Wes two more questions, and I'm gonna
let you go, right? So here comes the bonus question. I've been
thinking hard about this one for a bit, but, um, let's just say
that after this interview, right? The interview wraps up,
then suddenly you get a call, and it's one of these tech
billionaires that you that you follow, or that you admire. I'm
not going to name names, just take your pick, right? And he
says, Wes, you know what? I read your book, great stuff. I'm
gonna fund your next SaaS project, whatever you want to
do. All right, so here comes the question, if that ever happened
to you, what kind of SaaS would you build? And why? Interesting question. Because
there's, like, you know, the highest, you know, hottest kind
of ideas you could think of, or the biggest market potential.
And then there's the stuff that I know that would be a great
product. This is the reason why I'm
asking the question. I consider myself like there's
the fox versus the hedgehog? Yeah, I'm totally a hedgehog.
Man. Okay. So it would literally just be
doubling down on the Product-Led system, turning that into its
own software product. Because, like, for instance, with the
strategy and everything, after helping hundreds of companies do
it, it's like, I know pretty much, like, what's a good
strategy and stuff like that, pretty quickly. And it's like, I
could train an AI on that and get people 80, 85% of the way
there. So yeah, I would definitely just make it way
easier and faster to implement part of that system. That'd be
my favorite thing to do. Fantastic, fantastic. Great
answer. Wes, thank you so much for your time and for sharing
your expertise and experience with the listeners. So please
quick intro to yourself and how folks out there can get in touch
with you. Yeah. So if any of you want to
learn more about product led growth, you can easily find me
at Wes Bush on LinkedIn. And also, if you want to learn more
about some of the programs we have to help you level up and
scale up PLG, you can just check out productled.com. Fantastic, fantastic. And we'll
be sure to drop those links in the show notes when this episode
gets pushed live so once again, sir, thank you so much for your
time. Take care, stay safe and talk to you soon. Thanks for having me on. All right. Bye for now.